ALL CHARACTERS AND EVENTS
DEPICTED IN THIS DRAMA ARE FICTITIOUS
EPISODE 13
I'll go in first.
I'll shout "Yeong-ro" as a signal.
Then come in through the shrine.
We must kill him.
Understood, sir.
Captain, kill them all
when I give the order to shoot.
You're an expert marksman,
so I trust you not to miss any of them.
You must get rid of them
without getting caught.
Don't worry, sir.
I'll take out anything that moves.
I'm back, sir.
He's still the director of the ANSP.
Will it be okay?
Hui-jun, I'm doing this
for our country and people.
He only cares about saving his daughter.
We can't leave our fate to him.
If the election scheme succeeds,
I'll make you a member of Dongsim Society.
You must climb the ladder
to help me become
the presidential candidate.
The moment I entered the Military Academy,
I swore to serve you, Tae-il.
Good.
Yeong-ro.
Dad.
Yes?
Is it true
that you're going to kill us all?
Of course not.
-Who told you that? That's absurd.
-Please stop it.
I know all you're thinking about
is winning the election.
What are you talking about?
I really want to save you.
Not just me. You must save my friends too!
The students!
There are more than 30 students
in the dorm!
It's all my fault.
No, it's not.
-Why do you think that way?
-Don't move.
And my brother…
Yeong-u…
died because of me.
If my friends die too,
I won't be able to…
Yeong-ro.
Please…
I'll do my best
to persuade them not to hurt anyone.
Don't move!
Yeong-ro!
No!
Were you only going to save me?
You were going to kill him
and all my friends inside, weren't you?